Add Google Tag Mgr plugin and its configuration (#536)
sourcegraph/about: docs/privacy.md

We and our third-party partners may automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit or use our Website.

> - **Cookies**. For instance, when you visit our Website, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Website (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the Website, and other actions you take on the Website), and allow us to track your usage of the Website over time.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cookies**. When visiting our website, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Website (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the Website, and other actions you take on the Website), and allow us to track your usage of the Website over time.  
```
